Extend getting started instructions to obtain config-user.yml (#1642)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/quickstart/configuration.rst

as a command line argument (see :ref:`Running ESMValTool <running>`).

An example configuration file can be downloaded `here <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/blob/master/config-user-example.yml>`_

> (use the ``raw`` button to download the file; right-click it and ``save 
> linked content`` or left-click it and then just save the page), and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(press the ``raw`` button to see a raw version of the file, right-click and press ``save as``, then you can save it on your computer), and 
```
